families of veterans banding together is explosive new allegations surface from another whistleblower in the widening healthcare scandalous of VA
show of force a triumphant victory lap and Crimea Ukraine in some places citizen staring down time delay motherhood more than ever women waiting longer to have children the new report out tonight with some surprising number
the kill switch kit fits properly simple and effective in combating why isn't it available everywhere Nightly News
headquarters in New York this is NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams
Healthcare scandal surrounding the Department of Veterans Affairs has now wife in the investigation that started with one VA hospital in Phoenix has intensified of spreading out from there including East Washington
veterans families are now mobilize because of the charges that are returning vets have been ignored mistreated and have died because of this and a new whistleblower has emerged tonight telling NBCNews of an alleged effort to cook the books add another VA facility
we begin tonight in Phoenix on today's visit there from a decorated veteran of happens to be in Arizona Senator John McCain NBC is Kelly O'Donnell in Phoenix covering for us tonight
good evening Brian whistleblower how come forward to speak with NBC News what some practices were inside VA medical centers concerning patients and here in Arizona a town hall meeting brought the anger to the surface
I know in Phoenix today the groin controversy over veterans care is personal
endorphin painful much for them to see him it took months Family and veterans pulled out their frustrations visual people were not numbers
Andrew greif my dad is no longer here and I know there is something done wrong
the Phoenix VA Medical Center is under investigation over allegations that staffers kept secret patient appointment list to conceal long waiting time from the official records Jim lily is a Vietnam veteran undercarriage Phoenix
when you first learned about this winter
we were betrayed
Michelle Duggar veterans
server country
Senator John McCain's is the evidence he seemed so far to a cover up
when you met with the local VA officials to big knowledge and AlterNet patient list of course not
making sense full supply in patient wait times maybe widespread
twin out here in reports of Atlanta Colorado to California number of other VA facilities with the same kind of scandalous procedures are being pursued
Brian Turner is a VA Medical scheduling clerk in San Antonio Texas who says clerks work coach to change numbers and dates to a raceway time of weeks or months
if you had a longer time from India 14 day window
University Report
tell you need to change this
Turner says he has not seen a separate or secret waiting lists the claims she was told to change date
my belief is that we are changing numbers in order for the VA to reflect
if they have a shorter way.
the San Antonio v8 old NBC News it review turners claims last month and found they were not substantiated
McCain says he is disappointed in Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki I would have expected
did him if this is as big as widespread as it appears to be a shoulda known
Brian tonight new information from Wyoming NBC News has obtained an email written by Ashanti NBA Stafford to other employees that appears to offer coaching on changing the date it says quote
yes it is gaming the system a bit email goes on to say the front office get very upset when wait times are longer than 14 days without new information
investigation office place employee on leave and said that if this is true the behavior is unacceptable
what a mess Kelly O'Donnell starting of our coverage from Phoenix tonight
retired US Army Colonel Jack Jacobs is here with us in the studio hyzaar military affairs analyst but more importantly
he's the recipient of the Medal of Honor for his combat actions in Vietnam is also a recipient of VA health care is had to buy his reckoning somewhere north of 1000
Trey Songz coming home from the war still got some shrapnel in you I know you have looked around at the landscape and have a solution you've discovered that is right there in front
via is a huge bureaucracy that does with a seadoo best
there's no way that we going to be able to get one
federigo's the doctor doctor treats veteran and the government sets a doctor check to make it any more difficult for veterans meals that we broken trust with those with flat 4
so your arguing for a total scrapping
what is not delivered what we need in a cantiliver what we need it census data cost a parallel system that doesn't give us what we need
Jack Jacobson comments he is submitting by the way to the New York Times will see what becomes of this idea Jackson
overseas tonight a triumphant defiance show of force by Vladimir Putin the day of the Russian president showed up in newly annexed Crimea
does celebrate VE Day and about Putin's claim this week hold back his forces from the border with Ukraine
US government today really satellite images saying they appear to show Putin's claim is not true the one on the left shows no Russian forces around about
stock Tober the one on the right showing them still there as of 2 days ago Archie foreign correspondent Richard Engel in Ukraine for us again tonight Richard Petty
good evening Brian it was another bold move from today is it in Crimea which until very recently what part of Ukraine State Department called it provocative NATO said it was inappropriate but he still came
why isn't easily deterred today I'm a surprise visit he sailed to find little Russian naval base in the new leonexxx territory of Crimea and said affectively Russia is doing what it wants
everybody should respect our lives including restoring historic injustice
Putin believe the breakup of the Soviet Union was in injustice names to restore its glory
internet together under a statue of liberty to remember the victory over nothing
pro Russian militia men March 10
they got big cheers for fighting another regime they called fascist
here today to commemorate a little more but also for rally against the government in Kiev and they say it back
Mayport down the flowers gone on open truck pulls to the nearby city of Mario Paltz to join a bottle expand rating for 3 days
ukrainian troops had come in fours take the police station
Russian militia
bullet
battle of the management nearby and then another and then pull it right over head ever
trying on arm stop the truth eventually
Ukrainian soldiers manage to take the police station but now
it was burning the troops left
Astros a Pengui civilians overhead to hold the crowd back
got into armored vehicles
Ukrainian government wanted to send a message to Folsom Alicia and their supporters today and it was willing to scorch the earth to do it
officials hearsay 7 people were killed in Mario Paul today Brian could repeat itself in the coming days
Richard Engel again tonight from Donetsk Ukraine Richard thanks
we are learning in this country tonight about what could be a first in aviation Amir collision between a commercial airliner an unmanned drone app in the skies over Tallahassee Florida it happened back in March the pilot of the USA
what is regional jet apparently got so close to his aircraft he was sure he had collided with an inspection of the aircraft found no damage the FAA says it is investigating the incident
the NBA has turned to a veteran of the business world to become the interim CEO of the LA Clippers is richard Parsons a former chairman of Citigroup former head of Time Warner remove comes 10 days after the NBA banned owner Donald sterling from the Game of a racist comments he made
the league is trying to force a sale of the team in the meantime the Clippers play the Oklahoma City Thunder game 3 tonight at the Staples Center in LA series type 1 to 1
as the man once said looks like we're in for nasty weather this spring weather patterns are going to make for a rough Mother's Day weekend for millions of people more weather dangerous head from the Great Lakes on down to the Gulf of Mexico some big cities in the severe threat area tonight including St Louis Memphis Houston
tomorrow the worst of it moves to threaten Kansas City Oklahoma City in on Sunday Mother's Day expands from Central Texas all the way north to Chicago and Beyond
and on this Mother's Day weekend new numbers out today show that more than ever before women are waiting longer to have children if they can afford to win the last decade or so it's been a 35 percent increase among women 40 to 44 having children for the first time
when theres this number over the past four decades on 900 increase among women over 35 having her first child we get more tonight from NBC's Janet shamlian
we want to make sure she's taking oral medications at 36 on Ellen Solomon has spend years building a prestigious career is it OB GYN surgeon but having a family with also part of a plant
need to do something before I became
person looking to find anybody to marry just so I can have a baby
22 years ago its 34l in frozen eggs at the Cleveland Clinic from mom Karen help pay for the procedure to growing number of women freezing eggs a younger age no longer considered experimental many states insurance against an uncertain future
they don't have that Panic out of gotta get out and meet Mr Right they can accept that and hold and think about their career for a while and when the time is right they have their eggs to go back in in consider for transfer that point
freezing eggs expensive and really covered by health plan
the average cost for one round 13001 annual storage fee amilonger woman wait the less likely eggs will be healthy
gestational diabetes I was on insulin I'm having blood pressure issues
what did Max and Lily are doing great mothers day is a reminder of how lucky they are genital en NBC News Houston
still having this Friday evening the kill switch
does just when it says a big part of a fight back against this nation
phone taps in later is Apple about to make their largest purchase ever
in California tonight there is new legislation that could start a trend that same to combating what's become a staggering number of smartphone thefts 1 in 10 Americans ARPANET
if this new song called Killswitch effort is successful if consumed protect cell phone users across this country and a lot of people would love to know why they don't have it already forgot to report a knife from NBC's Miguel Almaguer in Los Angeles
brazen cell phone robberies are the epidemic often carried out in daylight
3.1 million Americans have their smartphone Stalin last year alone 110 Ave
23 year old Megan boken with talking your mom on her new iPhone when it was stolen and she was shot to death
quickly to stop
Botkins family wants all cell phones to have a so-called Killswitch which they believe could have saved Megan's life
create something with the phone becomes a brick literally a brick and does not work anymore it does if I burn peeling to steal it
California this and it just got a new smartphone which by next year software allows consumers to disable a device remotely rendering it useless
the only way that we're going to put your just stop this is when we get to the point war 2 this device have a kill switch
Critics the trade group that represents mobile carriers who make billions on cell phone insurance says safe to use their top priority the kill switch law
state by state technology mandates stifle innovation to the ultimate detriment to the consumer
cell phones after the crime of opportunity what happens most often during the middle of the day Austin in a restaurant a study shows 3 out of 4 people would put themselves in danger
just to get their sell back
has a call if my stuff on at my pictures in my text messages
Sarah McGuire was desperate when her cell phone was stolen she did what police say you should never do
chased after this
what have people have been punched
how dangerous trend on the rise and now I proposed law a killswitch many believed could save lives Miguel Almaguer NBC News Los Angeles
what how about Dr Dre perhaps you own a pair of Beats By Dre you certainly have seen them on the street on musicians on athletes looks like dry along with his partner fellow veteran music producer Jimmy iving meth hit the jackpot if the rumor talks with Apple are finalized
Applewood pay over 3 billion dollars for Beach Boys hits Hardware in streaming music service it would be Apple's biggest purchase ever in a big payday for drag capping a career in music
can a life that got off to a rough start in the Compton section of LA sometimes it helps to speak the local language its so true in so many foreign countries as it is in Boston
where the highway sign is guys felt compelled to use the local dialect begging drivers use your blinker
let's just say was some great affection there are some drivers in the Bay State who will be surprised to learn there's a device on the steering column in a car that can be used to signal your intention to change lanes
when we come back tonight a lot of kids of all ages working overtime this weekend projects with dear mom
find me tonight did you know mothers day turns 100 years old this weekend it was President Woodrow Wilson who signed the proclamation declared in the second Sunday in May is mothers day
contrary to popular method was not signed by anyone named hallmark speaking of which however Cowboys cards are right now being bought or better yet made by children everywhere NBC's Romelu tonight inside the creative process with the help of some kids
my name every Elijah my name is
this is Alex H
classmates in head
do we see your car they got chords to make as special as their mom
is marrying
the also have plans to rain really make
annealing
Obama in mom
show me how the Carnegie turned into something silly imagines with pictures
smothered by children
every car beautiful unique and full of gratitude Maine
you always giving me black
coral letting me watch movies
cuddling 40
Mickey my lines
I love you
NBC News New York
and that's what it's supposed to be about that's our broadcast on this Friday night in for this week thank you for being here with us on Brian Williams we hope to see right back here on Monday nights wishing all the moms out there a happy mothers day we wish you all a good weekend goodnight